changing how we present gpu attributes (#459)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: uw-research-computing/gpu-jobs.md

		NVIDIA website</a>.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><code>GPUs_</code>)<code>DriverVersion</code></td>

> 		<td><b>Not</b> the version of CUDA on the server, but the maximum CUDA runtime version supported by the GPU drivers on the server. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<td><b>Not</b> the version of CUDA on the server or the NVIDIA driver version, but the maximum CUDA runtime version supported by the NVIDIA driver on the server. </td>
```
This is unrelated to your change, but I find there is still a lot of confusion about this attribute.
